What is it?
If one of these days
Not around
Forget about playing detective on Daniel
Call the cops
Daniel's got a $50 million ticket to a jail cell for the next decade
Case closed
You don't need to put yourself in any more danger
I can't make that promise
What do you say?
Are you gonna be okay?
You're gonna be fine
I can't lose you
What the fuck are you doing?
Someone's getting riled up
Careful don't hurt yourself
Next time you wanna go after me
That's fine
You make sure Emma is not there
Don't worry
The contract's still in both of your names
So there's no getting out of it for either of you
You lay a finger on her
You're gonna regret it
Hey it's your move buddy
If the boss doesn't cancel
The mission is still on the table
The rules do
The boss dies
The mission's over
And trust me I want to get vanish
Right fuck it now